hey guys dark seven seven seven eight
and eight again uh back with my
skullcandy earbuds review I'm just going
to get right into it I'm going to start
off with these skullcandy smokin buds
this is their mid range budget headphone
earbud it's just a plastic you know one
of those plastic rubbery cables that's
on most headphones here's the actual
earbud itself these come with black gels
but it depends varying on your color ah
the best thing about these is that the
sound quality is good I mean it's better
by far than the ipod headphones by far
than any out of ear headphone what's not
great for skullcandy which is both a
good thing in a bad thing it shows how
great skull candys sound quality is from
their basic but it also highlights how
good you can get um I currently use
these just with my laptop where I use
other headphones with other things but
you know if you want good headphones
that are going to last a long time get
these it's just you know basic cable
with plastic wrapping and then up to an
inline volume control right here I don't
know how well you can see that but in
line volume control and then it comes
out of splits into your two cables for
your earbuds themselves um yeah those
are those there thirty dollars on their
website i'll put a link to the website
in the side of the sidebar haha darish
um now I'm going to do the I'll do these
skullcandy titans now they've had these
out for a while I just got these though
I'm really liking them so far the cable
here is a cool design it's a clear
plastic II like on some other headphones
that plastic but inside it is one of the
really nice one of those aluminum wrap
cables the plug is very high quality on
the end it's you know metal wrapping on
the plug they have an inline volume
control right here this is nice chrome
and then it goes one cable into the
inline volume control and
then when it comes out it splits into
your two um here's you hear about
themselves that's you Tracy I close I
can get my macro failing so yeah that's
here but these are the chrome version
these are really nice because the basin
nice is actually booming it's like a
booming bass in a headphone like this in
an earbud which is was rather surprising
when I first put them on their very high
quality they're actually this up here is
actually made of metal you know you can
hear it clacking and I really like these
they stay in my ear very well they only
come with one size of earbud of one size
of gel but it's very squishy so it'll
fit any ear size yeah hey guys because
my video recorder cuts me off at three
minutes I have to do this in two parts
this is gonna be the skullcandy a sim
it's a it's a headphone they released
about a week and a half ago it's a sport
headphone designed so that it won't fall
off your ears like an earbud what it
does is it goes into your ear here's the
head shape of the headphone it's like
this and then this on the back side what
it does is it goes into your ear and
then this cable the cable wraps over the
top of your ear so that they don't fall
off um there are forty dollars on their
website and they're very nice they have
the same cable design that the Titans
have that a plastic wrapped over there
like aluminum two threaded or whatever
the cable or the plug at the end is very
high quality these have a microphone
built-in also which I thought is really
cool um so you can use it with your
iPhone or whatever and it also has a
good click just a button muter that
pauses your music for you and a slider
for your volume control here's all that
funky stuff and then yeah I'm really
liking these so far this sound quality
is good they have the same good
qualities of the titans like the good
base and stuff but you know they're
going to stay on my head something
that's kind of cool is when you order
these headphones they send you these
nice little bag
just to put your headphones in it's just
like a hard shell on the back here with
the skullcandy logo and it's just a
little zip pouch thing with a little
thing inside for your earbuds so yeah
it's so that you'll just keep these nice
headphones nice um yeah that's the end
of this review I hope it helped you guys
check back later for more stuff peace